Australia
 the smallest continent and one of the largest countries on Earth, lying between the Pacific and Indian oceans in the Southern Hemisphere.
Brazil
It is the largest country in South America and the fifth largest nation in the world.
Canada
 Its national flag consists of a red field with a white square at its centre with a red  maple leaf.
China
 It was a land of invention. For centuries, it was much more advanced than most other countries in science and technology, astronomy and maths.
Colombia
It is the only country in South America that has a coastline on both the Pacific Ocean and the Caribbean Sea and the second largest capital city in South America
Egypt
Most people in it live in areas around the coast of the Mediterranean Sea and along the Nile River.
France
it is famous for Eiffel tower.
Germany
it is located in the heart of Europe and Berlin is the capital and biggest city in it.
Greece
It has the longest coastline in Europe and is the southernmost country in Europe.
India
It has more than 1.2 billion (1,210,000,000) people, which is the second largest population in the world.
Indonesia
It is a country in Southeast Asia.Its capital is Jakarta.
Iran
It is historically known as Persia, is a country in Western Asia.
Italy
typical its foods and dishes include assorted appetizers (antipasti misti), all types of pasta, risotto and pizza, soups.
Japan
It is known worldwide for its traditional arts, including tea ceremonies, calligraphy and flower arranging.
Mexico
It has the Oldest University in North America.
Marroco
It has The Quaraouiyine University in Fez is the oldest existing university in the world.
Niger
 It is located in West Africa .It has French as the official language and Hausa the most spoken language.
Nigeria
It is a country in West Africa. Its flag has three vertical bands of green, white, green.
Qatar
It is widely regarded as the most advanced Arab state for human development. 
Russia
It is the largest country in the world, occupies one-tenth of all the land on Earth.
Spain
It is known for its delicious and spicy dishes. And one of those is paella 
Sudan
a North African country bordering the Red Sea, Egypt, Libya, Chad, Central African Republic.
Syria
Its capital, Damascus( adjoining Turkey, Iraq, Jordan)
Turkey
The city of Istanbul is the one that divides the two continents, that makes possible to see a great diversity all over the city.
Yemen
It is located in the southern part of the Arabian Peninsula.